# JsonParameter

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**eq** | **str** | **Equal** filter mode (optional, i.e. &#x60;param.eq&#x3D;123&#x60; is the same as &#x60;param&#x3D;123&#x60;). \\ Specify a JSON value to get items where the specified field is equal to the specified value.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.from&#x3D;tz1...&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.signatures.[3].[0]&#x3D;null&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.sigs.[*]&#x3D;null&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ne** | **str** | **Not equal** filter mode. \\ Specify a JSON value to get items where the specified field is not equal to the specified value.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.ne&#x3D;true&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.amount.ne&#x3D;0&#x60;. | [optional] 
**gt** | **str** | **Greater than** filter mode. \\ Specify a string to get items where the specified field is greater than the specified value. Note that all stored JSON values are strings, so this will be a comparison of two strings, so we recommend comparing values of the same type, e.g. numeric strings with numeric strings (&#x60;parameter.number.gt&#x3D;123&#x60;), datetime strings with datetime strings (&#x60;parameter.date.gt&#x3D;2021-01-01&#x60;), etc. Otherwise, result may surprise you.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.balance.gt&#x3D;1234&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.time.gt&#x3D;2021-02-01&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ge** | **str** | **Greater or equal** filter mode. \\ Specify a string to get items where the specified field is greater than equal to the specified value. Note that all stored JSON values are strings, so this will be a comparison of two strings, so we recommend comparing values of the same type, e.g. numeric strings with numeric strings (&#x60;parameter.number.gt&#x3D;123&#x60;), datetime strings with datetime strings (&#x60;parameter.date.gt&#x3D;2021-01-01&#x60;), etc. Otherwise, result may surprise you.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.balance.ge&#x3D;1234&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.time.ge&#x3D;2021-02-01&#x60;. | [optional] 
**lt** | **str** | **Less than** filter mode. \\ Specify a string to get items where the specified field is less than the specified value. Note that all stored JSON values are strings, so this will be a comparison of two strings, so we recommend comparing values of the same type, e.g. numeric strings with numeric strings (&#x60;parameter.number.gt&#x3D;123&#x60;), datetime strings with datetime strings (&#x60;parameter.date.gt&#x3D;2021-01-01&#x60;), etc. Otherwise, result may surprise you.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.balance.lt&#x3D;1234&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.time.lt&#x3D;2021-02-01&#x60;. | [optional] 
**le** | **str** | **Less or equal** filter mode. \\ Specify a string to get items where the specified field is less than or equal to the specified value. Note that all stored JSON values are strings, so this will be a comparison of two strings, so we recommend comparing values of the same type, e.g. numeric strings with numeric strings (&#x60;parameter.number.gt&#x3D;123&#x60;), datetime strings with datetime strings (&#x60;parameter.date.gt&#x3D;2021-01-01&#x60;), etc. Otherwise, result may surprise you.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.balance.le&#x3D;1234&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.time.le&#x3D;2021-02-01&#x60;. | [optional] 
**_as** | **str** | **Same as** filter mode. \\ Specify a string template to get items where the specified field matches the specified template. \\ This mode supports wildcard &#x60;*&#x60;. Use &#x60;\\*&#x60; as an escape symbol.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.as&#x3D;*mid*&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.as&#x3D;*end&#x60;. | [optional] 
**un** | **str** | **Unlike** filter mode. \\ Specify a string template to get items where the specified field doesn&#x27;t match the specified template. This mode supports wildcard &#x60;*&#x60;. Use &#x60;\\*&#x60; as an escape symbol.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.un&#x3D;*mid*&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.un&#x3D;*end&#x60;. | [optional] 
**_in** | **list[str]** | **In list** (any of) filter mode. \\ Specify a comma-separated list of strings or JSON array to get items where the specified field is equal to one of the specified values. \\  Example: &#x60;?parameter.amount.in&#x3D;1,2,3&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.in&#x3D;[{\&quot;from\&quot;:\&quot;tz1\&quot;,\&quot;to\&quot;:\&quot;tz2\&quot;},{\&quot;from\&quot;:\&quot;tz2\&quot;,\&quot;to\&quot;:\&quot;tz1\&quot;}]&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ni** | **list[str]** | **Not in list** (none of) filter mode. \\ Specify a comma-separated list of strings to get items where the specified field is not equal to all the specified values. \\ Use &#x60;\\,&#x60; as an escape symbol.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.amount.ni&#x3D;1,2,3&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.ni&#x3D;[{\&quot;from\&quot;:\&quot;tz1\&quot;,\&quot;to\&quot;:\&quot;tz2\&quot;},{\&quot;from\&quot;:\&quot;tz2\&quot;,\&quot;to\&quot;:\&quot;tz1\&quot;}]&#x60;. | [optional] 
**null** | **bool** | **Is null** filter mode. \\ Use this mode to get items where the specified field is null or not.  Example: &#x60;?parameter.null&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.null&#x3D;false&#x60; or &#x60;?parameter.sigs.[0].null&#x3D;false&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

